scripting_api.md, before:

## Scripting API
### Stuff that `game` must define (Not official):
- `game.last_event`: FlowEvent -> The last event recorded by the game (readonly)
- `game.get_ticks()`: int -> The game_flow ticker (counts up after game_flow.lua is executed)
- `game.stage`: string -> The game stage (read/write)
- `game.turn_number`: int -> The current turn (Each time a player finishes their turn, this should increment)

- `game.give_treasure(player)`: void -> Gives 1 card of treasure from the deck to the given player, directly, without calling on_reveal first
- `game.give_dungeon(player)`: void -> Gives 1 card of dungeon from the deck to the given player, directly, without calling on_reveal first
- `game.open_dungeon()`: void -> Creates a new coroutine for on_reveal for the first card of the deck and then does executes it once (Remember to discard or put the card somewhere in your script!), or, if on_reveal is not defined for that card, gives the card to the current player. Does nothing if the dungeon deck is empty.
- `game.should_borrow_facing_up`: bool -> Should the next card be borrowed facing up or down? (read/write)

- `game.start_battle()`: void -> Starts a new battle.  Only possible if `game.get_current_battle()` is nil
- `game.current_battle`: Battle -> Returns the current battle happening, nil if there isn't any. DO NOT DIRECTLY MODIFY THIS VARIABLE (Although you can interact with its members freely)
- `game.end_current_battle()`: void -> Ends the current battle (Or does nothing if the current battle is nil). Does NOT give treasure, use `game.give_treasure(player)` for that

- `game.get_player(id)`: Player -> Returns the player with the given ID. Refrain from using, mostly only used in the internal API
- `game.get_player_count()`: int -> Returns the number of players in the game
- `game.get_current_player()`: Player -> Returns the user that is currently playing
- `game.set_current_player(id)`: Player -> Sets the user that is currently playing. If you want to change the player's turn, remember to also change the game stage
- `game.next_player_turn()`: void -> Makes current_player be the next player in the game

- `game.get_visible_cards()`: Card[] -> Returns all the cards visible on the table, which includes all the current battle cards, all the cards of other players, and the first card of each deck

#### Examples
Check out the default game flow (`build/data/gamerules/default/game_flow.lua`)

### Stuff that `Battle` must define (Not official):
- `treasures_to_draw`: int -> The number of treasures to draw from this battle, in total. (read/write)

- `get_total_player_power()`: int -> Returns the calculated total power for the players in this battle
- `get_total_monster_power()`: int -> Returns the calculated total power for the monsters in this battle

- `add_card(card)`: void -> Adds a card to the ones being played in the battle. All cards added will be discarded when the battle ends
- `remove_card(card)`: void -> Removes a card being played in the battle (Added via `add_card`) from the battle
- `get_cards_played()`: Card[] -> Returns the cards played in this battle (Added via `add_card`)

- `modify_card(card, power)`: void -> Adds power to an specified card. That card must have been added to the battle via `add_card`. All cards with power over 0 are considered monsters, so don't modify the power of cards that aren't monsters.
- `get_card_power(card)`: int -> Returns the power of an specified card present in this battle. Returns nil if the card inputted hasn't been added to the battle via `add_card`.

#### Examples
Adding a simple monster card
```lua
local card = {}

function card.on_reveal(self) 
	-- The monster has been revealed from the deck, start a new battle
	game.start_battle()

	-- Add this card to the current battle...
	game.get_current_battle().add_card(self)

	-- And add the power of the monster to the card added (In this case, 12)
	game.get_current_battle().modify_card(self, 12)

	-- Done!
end

return card
```

For more examples, check out `build/data/cardpacks/default/scripts/modify_monster.lua`.

### Stuff that `FlowEvent` must define:
- `name`: string -> The name of the event. Can be:
```
dungeon_opened: Called in game.open_dungeon().
tick: Called every tick.
clicked_stop_battle_button: Called in battles, when the "Stop" button has been pressed (When the user wants to end the battle, basically)
clicked_dungeon_deck: Self-explanatory
clicked_treasure_deck: self-explanatory
clicked_dungeon_discard_deck: Self-explanatory
clicked_treasure_discard_deck: self-explanatory
treasure_card_drawn: Called when a treasure card is drawn.
dungeon_card_drawn: Called when a dungeon card is drawn.
card_discarded: Called when a card is discarded or given to a player of lower level (Charity)
```

### Stuff that `Player` must define:
- `id`: int -> The internal ID of the player. Avoid using it, as it causes confusion.
- `level`: int -> The level of the player.
- `get_hand()`: Card[] -> The cards that the player has in their hand.
- `hand_max_cards`: int -> The maximum number of cards that this player can have in their hand.

### Stuff that `selection` must define: (Not official)
- `choose(allow_cancel = true)`: Card -> Waits until the player chooses any card from the table and returns it (nil if the player has cancelled).
- `choose_filtered(filter, allow_cancel = true)`: Card -> Waits until the player chooses any card from the table based on a filter and returns it (nil if the player has cancelled).
The filter is a function that must return a boolean and have a single card as a parameter. Example:
```lua
local function selection_filter(card)
    local is_present_in_battle = game.get_current_battle().get_cards_played()[card] ~= nil
    if not is_present_in_battle then return false end

    local is_monster = game.get_current_battle().get_card_power(card) > 0
    return is_monster
end

selection = selection.choose_filtered(selection_filter)
```

### Stuff that `card` must define:
The `Card` usertype is actually based internally on `CardPtr`, NOT `Card`. The reason behind this choice is that cards are supposed to be unique types.
- `id`: int -> The internal ID of the card (readonly)

Commit message:

add game.init_rules and game.default_hand_max_cards

scripting_api.md, after:

## Scripting API
### Stuff that `game` must define (Not official):
- `game.last_event`: FlowEvent -> The last event recorded by the game (readonly)
- `game.get_ticks()`: int -> The game_flow ticker (counts up after game_flow.lua is executed)
- `game.stage`: string -> The game stage (read/write)
- `game.turn_number`: int -> The current turn (Each time a player finishes their turn, this should increment)

- `game.give_treasure(player)`: void -> Gives 1 card of treasure from the deck to the given player, directly, without calling on_reveal first
- `game.give_dungeon(player)`: void -> Gives 1 card of dungeon from the deck to the given player, directly, without calling on_reveal first
- `game.open_dungeon()`: void -> Creates a new coroutine for on_reveal for the first card of the deck and then does executes it once (Remember to discard or put the card somewhere in your script!), or, if on_reveal is not defined for that card, gives the card to the current player. Does nothing if the dungeon deck is empty.
- `game.should_borrow_facing_up`: bool -> Should the next card be borrowed facing up or down? (read/write)

- `game.start_battle()`: void -> Starts a new battle.  Only possible if `game.get_current_battle()` is nil
- `game.current_battle`: Battle -> Returns the current battle happening, nil if there isn't any. DO NOT DIRECTLY MODIFY THIS VARIABLE (Although you can interact with its members freely)
- `game.end_current_battle()`: void -> Ends the current battle (Or does nothing if the current battle is nil). Does NOT give treasure, use `game.give_treasure(player)` for that

- `game.get_player(id)`: Player -> Returns the player with the given ID. Refrain from using, mostly only used in the internal API
- `game.get_player_count()`: int -> Returns the number of players in the game
- `game.get_current_player()`: Player -> Returns the user that is currently playing
- `game.set_current_player(id)`: Player -> Sets the user that is currently playing. If you want to change the player's turn, remember to also change the game stage
- `game.next_player_turn()`: void -> Makes current_player be the next player in the game

- `game.get_visible_cards()`: Card[] -> Returns all the cards visible on the table, which includes all the current battle cards, all the cards of other players, and the first card of each deck

- `game.init_rules()`: void -> Should be defined in `rules.lua`. Should initialize values such as `default_hand_max_cards`. 
- `game.default_hand_max_cards`: int -> Should be set in `rules.lua`, in `init_rules`. The default value for `munchkin_player.hand_max_cards`.

#### Examples
Check out the default game flow (`build/data/gamerules/default/game_flow.lua`)

### Stuff that `Battle` must define (Not official):
- `treasures_to_draw`: int -> The number of treasures to draw from this battle, in total. (read/write)

- `get_total_player_power()`: int -> Returns the calculated total power for the players in this battle
- `get_total_monster_power()`: int -> Returns the calculated total power for the monsters in this battle

- `add_card(card)`: void -> Adds a card to the ones being played in the battle. All cards added will be discarded when the battle ends
- `remove_card(card)`: void -> Removes a card being played in the battle (Added via `add_card`) from the battle
- `get_cards_played()`: Card[] -> Returns the cards played in this battle (Added via `add_card`)

- `modify_card(card, power)`: void -> Adds power to an specified card. That card must have been added to the battle via `add_card`. All cards with power over 0 are considered monsters, so don't modify the power of cards that aren't monsters.
- `get_card_power(card)`: int -> Returns the power of an specified card present in this battle. Returns nil if the card inputted hasn't been added to the battle via `add_card`.

#### Examples
Adding a simple monster card
```lua
local card = {}

function card.on_reveal(self) 
	-- The monster has been revealed from the deck, start a new battle
	game.start_battle()

	-- Add this card to the current battle...
	game.get_current_battle().add_card(self)

	-- And add the power of the monster to the card added (In this case, 12)
	game.get_current_battle().modify_card(self, 12)

	-- Done!
end

return card
```

For more examples, check out `build/data/cardpacks/default/scripts/modify_monster.lua`.

### Stuff that `FlowEvent` must define:
- `name`: string -> The name of the event. Can be:
```
dungeon_opened: Called in game.open_dungeon().
tick: Called every tick.
clicked_stop_battle_button: Called in battles, when the "Stop" button has been pressed (When the user wants to end the battle, basically)
clicked_dungeon_deck: Self-explanatory
clicked_treasure_deck: self-explanatory
clicked_dungeon_discard_deck: Self-explanatory
clicked_treasure_discard_deck: self-explanatory
treasure_card_drawn: Called when a treasure card is drawn.
dungeon_card_drawn: Called when a dungeon card is drawn.
card_discarded: Called when a card is discarded or given to a player of lower level (Charity)
```

### Stuff that `Player` must define:
- `id`: int -> The internal ID of the player. Avoid using it, as it causes confusion.
- `level`: int -> The level of the player.
- `get_hand()`: Card[] -> The cards that the player has in their hand.
- `hand_max_cards`: int -> The maximum number of cards that this player can have in their hand. Set to game.default_hand_max_cards at startup.

### Stuff that `selection` must define: (Not official)
- `choose(allow_cancel = true)`: Card -> Waits until the player chooses any card from the table and returns it (nil if the player has cancelled).
- `choose_filtered(filter, allow_cancel = true)`: Card -> Waits until the player chooses any card from the table based on a filter and returns it (nil if the player has cancelled).
The filter is a function that must return a boolean and have a single card as a parameter. Example:
```lua
local function selection_filter(card)
    local is_present_in_battle = game.get_current_battle().get_cards_played()[card] ~= nil
    if not is_present_in_battle then return false end

    local is_monster = game.get_current_battle().get_card_power(card) > 0
    return is_monster
end

selection = selection.choose_filtered(selection_filter)
```

### Stuff that `card` must define:
The `Card` usertype is actually based internally on `CardPtr`, NOT `Card`. The reason behind this choice is that cards are supposed to be unique types.
- `id`: int -> The internal ID of the card (readonly)
